Yeo Jeong-min.
Ko Yu-na.
Thank God!
-Shin Gyeong-ja.
-Here.
Ko Hye-ryeong.
I knew it!
I knew this wouldn't be the end of me.
Seo Eun-gyo.
Thank you!
Kim Ye-won.
-Park Seon-ja.
-Here.
Kang Tae-ji.
Yoon Seol-hui.
Thank you!
Three from room 207?
It's suspicious.
You're right.
It must be because of Yeong-ro.
What's this? Yeong-ro's roommates
are being treated specially?
This is so unfair.
Tell me about it. It's so obvious.
-That can't be.
-It's possible.
Of course it is.
Quiet!
Excuse me, sir.
Can I tell you about myself a bit?
I, Oh Gwang-tae, grew up
with a single mom,
and like that wasn't enough,
I've gotten hepatitis A.
If I stay here--
-Shut up.
-Yes, sir.
We'll never release you.
But I'm telling the truth.
-I really have it. I swear.
-Stop.
Forget what I said.
You're such a loser.
Eun Yeong-ro.
That's it.
Eun Yeong-ro?
Eun Yeong-ro.
You can't do this.
Be quiet, Bun-ok.
You didn't ever hear us out.
Why are you only releasing students?
What about me, Mr. Kim, and Ms. Oh?
We can't even get a chance?
This is unfair!
On what grounds did you decide on this?
On what grounds!
Shut your mouth!
She's so feisty.
This all happened because of her.
Why does she get to leave?
She can't die and I can?
She's right.
Bun-ok is right.
I'll stay here.
Release someone else.
How can I leave when they can't?
That's not right.
I'll stay too.
I played a big part too.
If Yeong-ro stays,
I can't just leave her here
to save my skin.
Why don't we just draw lots?
That'll be fair.
I totally agree!
-I agree.
-So do I.
Shut up! Quiet!
RÉSUMÉ
KYE BUN-OK
She's our telephone operator.
She's looking after her sick parents.
She's a poor girl
who's the sole breadwinner.
I really hope you'll release her.
You were the last one.
But not anymore.
You'll never get a chance to be released.